on the wall.
Down the wall.
with the break.
Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Monday. God bless everybody in
the name of Yeshua, Jesus the Messiah. I
pray you and your family are super
blessed as Bitcoin is pumping and we're
at a very key level. Not only this,
guys, we literally All right, we
literally, I'm not even kidding, we have
historic signals pumping right now,
guys. We have [music] historic signals.
Make sure to smash up the like. Make
sure to subscribe to the channel. Make
sure to click the bell for
notifications. Make sure to share on
MySpace and all your social media
Twitters and all all this kind of stuff
guys cuz today I mean we are about to
plunge the depths of the Bitcoin price
action talking about all the question
answering all the questions that we all
want to know. All right
and we got to give a major shout out to
everybody in the chat. Shout out to
preparing for war. Shout out to Crypto
Coons. Shout out to
Ghanaedia. Anyone watching World Cup? I
don't know what that is. Big shout out
to Splashfire Films, Gravy Train, big
shout out to 9595. David, God bless you,
bro. Shout out to Jackie Boy. TNP782.
Can't wait to see what Butt Cheek
happened. I know. I know, right?
Bitcoin's looking good to short. Come
on, man. Come on. We're Moonboys. We're
Moonboys up in here. You know, this is
kind of a sick beat, isn't it,
Cryptocons? I was I I was feeling that
beat too, man. This one right here,
guys. Check out this boom bap playlist,
you know.
It is. It is a nice beat.
Um, shout out to Felix H.
You had an entry messed up. I hate when
that happens. Shout out to Distance
Music. Shout out to Larry Garcia. Big
shout out to Spartan Trading.
Shout out to not quicker. What's going
on,
man? I added to short. Yeah, I've been
added to this short for a long time,
bro. I've already locked in like 63K on
the short here.
This long trade's up 24K right now, man.
Isn't this beat this beat is is nice
though, right? [music]
Uh uh uh uh uh. Yeah. [music] You know
what I mean? I'm feeling it, too.
Uh yo [music] about to go in J Casper
the peanut butter jelly. Oh my goodness
my armpit so smelly. I'm on the
treadmill. Sweat dripping down my belly.
Yo I'm so serious. Ain't playing no
rally. Hey yo here we are Jay in the
house about bounc along the Bitcoin for
the massive bounce. We got historic
[music] signals printing on MCB. And
I'mma tell you a secret. Between you and
me I think we could pump up to 70.
Talking about 70K. Between you and me,
we keep it the same every single day.
Coming to the charts to get paid. I
never give a day. Keeping it straight.
We're out here. We don't wait. Got the
lyrics in my head. Don't mean to
frustrate the people. Coming to the
chart like a work of art. Oh no. Did I
fart? No, I charted in my underwear. So
dang dirty. The Bitcoin price, man.
Jason so nerdy. We got the green
glasses. Only got the bulls. Here
[music] we go. In the boat, in the hole.
Here we when we got the bold glasses all
we see it's up up only baby listen to me
we never short we only long we never
sell we only buy Bitcoin [music] price
about to pump into the sky if you're a
bear I'mma kiss you goodbye
I got the candles in my eye they're
looking out you better spy like we got
the time [music] we're going to eat
pastries and key lime pies we got the
trend lines looking [music] so dang fly
for a white guy then we're coming out we
got to look and try really hard to make
the profits cuz you know we got to cry
cuz we're sad the bears [singing] about
to lose their money. Jake Casper in the
house baby it ain't even funny. We're
feeling the beat as we're walking on our
feet on the treadmill. How do you do? So
nice to meet you. Shout out to everybody
in the chat. Smash up the likes. How
about that? I feel something creepy
crawly on my back. Is it a spider? Give
it a walk. Boom. Hit the spider. Smash
it to pieces. The Bitcoin price eating
the Reese's. Peanut butter cup. [music]
You know you got the coffee in the cup.
You know we're driving the big fat
truck. [music] Got the multiple wheels.
Jason Casper freestyle gives you the
feels. We're [music] peeling fruit. Got
banana peels and the oranges. We're
keeping it real, baby. Yeah. Uh just let
the beat rock like that. You know what
I'm saying? Sheesh.
All right. Big shout out to everybody in
the chat.
Um,
deaf in the left.
Deaf in the left. Yeah, this is a good
playlist right now. All right, guys. We
got some historic signals pumping on the
Bitcoin chart. Let's pop right on over
to it. All right, let's pop on right
over to it. And we cannot we cannot even
Let's address the elephante in Zeroom.
First of all, it's a new week. We got a
new weekly candle. We're halfway through
the month of June. Can you guys believe
it's already June 15th? It's already
June 15. All [music] right, the elephant
in the room, the historic signal, guys,
is thisam.
All right, the price is getting lower,
the momentum wave getting higher. Not
only that, honestly, guys, the truth is
also the money flow is getting higher.
Do I want the bull market to begin? No,
I want the bare market. I want I want
one more big drop.
Does this mean the bottom's in? No, it's
not confirmed yet, guys. We still have
plenty of time for potential downside. I
mean, remember, you know, you see stuff
like this in the weekly time frame where
it looks like things are going to pump
and then they dump one more time. All
right, we could even even even go back
here potentially. You could say this was
a bullish divergence which ended up in
one more drop to the downside.
You know, I I don't know if we're out of
the woods yet, but definitely this is a
very bullish historic signal. And let's
say June ends with a green candle. All
right. I don't think that would give us
our monthly bottom, guys. I have to be
honest. I think there is still room for
another drop, but but this could
absolutely give us a pump up higher than
than at least $82,000. All right. If
this is a large accumulation range
toward the end of the bare market, if
that's really what this is here, where
we have our clearly defined support
resistance flip at around $80,000 and
our clearly defined low at around
$59,000, there's no reason why we can't
come all the way up here again to the
top of the range and then come all the
way back down to the bottom of the range
and then form a larger accumulation
range and then finally, finally,
finally, finally, finally, finally,
finally, finally, after some
consolidation start our bull market
again in June 2029.
Right? There's no reason why we can't
expect something like this to happen.
All right. But in all seriousness, I'm I
mean, obviously, I don't expect 2029,
but I wouldn't be surprised if we do see
something um you know, I I expect once
we hit Q4 of this year, I expect the low
will been in and then once we start
2027, I do expect the bull market to
take off again. And we are seeing a
historic signal. This has only happened
one time in the past.
Bitcoin is such a new asset that we
haven't had time to form those bullish
dvail joneses on the weekly time frame.
Right? We go back historically and take
a look at these previous bottoms. Weekly
market cipher B did not print bullish
divergences at these lows here. You
know, it did not. I guess here's the
thing. On the index, we made a lower low
here, but on Coinbase, we didn't. So, on
Coinbase, there was no bull div here.
There was no bull div at this low down
here either, right? Uh and then of
course the famous bottom of 2018, there
was no bullish divergence as a really
oversold wave. So this last time was the
first time we had a really clearly
defined bullish divergence at the bottom
of the bare market. So you know this
this could be something very significant
right here, man. This really could be
something significant
and only time will tell. All right,
that's the thing. Only time will tell. I
haven't taken profits yet on this long
trade. The reason why is because I'm
waiting to see if my short trade is
going to get stopped out. All right,
that's basically the thing here. I'm
looking to see if I if I add to my short
trade, then I will be taking profits on
the long trade. But right now, I'm in a
pretty cushy comfy position here. All
right, I'm up right now 63 plus 6.
That's like almost 70k on the short
trade. I'm up right now $24,000 on the
long. I'm up over $100,000 in these two
trades combined right now. Unrealized
and rise. I'm in no rush to take
profits. I want to wait and see what the
market will do.
Sorry, had to take a sip of beer. So, we
are back on the chart. We're going to
come on over to
let's see the weekly time frame. We got
the potential bullish dive. Now, when we
go to the daily, this is where things
really start to get interesting
because yeah, we're back inside the
range, guys. We had a
we had a money flow divergence as we
took the low. We had a strong weekly
close. We're talking about the the
candle close last week and now we are
back inside the range and we're quickly
approaching none other than the macro.
Whoa.
Whoa. Was there some value area shift on
this just now? Because I do not remember
this. Wow. We have had value area shift
since this morning, guys.
Holy macaroni.
No, wait a second. Have we hit that PC
yet? Someone help me out in the chat.
Looks like no on the 4 hour. All right.
I I was under the impression that the PC
was around 67,93.
All right. Either way, whether we're at
the PC now or not, and I hope we're not.
I hope we're not. This right here is
going to be a very, very, very, very
important area of resistance because if
we can flip this into support, then the
highest probability, guys, is that we do
come back up to $77,000.
If we flip that into support, the
highest probability is that we actually
come up and make a new high simply
trading sideways range. Now, honestly, I
I I don't know where the PC is right
now. All right, I'm chopping and
chopping and shopping because when I go
to the daily time frame right here, I'm
chopping and shopping, baby. I go to the
daily time frame and it looks like we're
tapping it now, but then I go to the
4our time frame and it looks like she's
still ahead of us. When I go to the
master chart that I charted this
morning, it's very strange as well. On
the 24-minut time frame, we're at the PC
right now.
Let's go to the 6 hour. 6 hour. The PC
is above us, right? 12 hour PC's above
us the daily time frame. We're at it
now. I'm freaking out, guys. I don't
know what to do. Look, I'm a little bit
[__] I really don't know anything.
Either way, we're coming up to a pretty
important area of resistance. And not
only that, but if we take the Fibonacci
golden pocket from the last swing high
that we made here to the current swing
low, you can see that it's also giving
us some beautiful confluence right now
with this dang level at around $68,000.
All right. So, you can see how important
68,000 is. We start to reclaim this.
Look at the way we came down. Nothing
but liquidity above, right? We got a
nice curvy little line here. Let's get a
nice little curvy little line on the
chart. A little curve here. All right.
Nice little curve
just to show
how much liquidity we have here. We
could really get a major short squeeze.
Get a major short squeeze. And we take a
look at the order flow here as well.
Let's go to the half hour time frame.
Actually, let's go to the 1 hour. Let's
go to the 2hour time frame cuz you know
we did see quite a lot of
shorting activity happened on this way
down here, right? We saw quite a large
number of shorts opening up in this leg
down. Quite a few shorts opening up in
this leg down. And you can really see
just look at where these shorts have
opened up here and here that once we
start coming above this area, right?
Once we come into this zone, they're
going to get squeezed. Once we come into
this zone, they are really going to get
squeezed. There's a lot of squeeze
potential here. It's a very rare ripe
orange. Extremely ripe orange. The
orange is very ripe. It's so ripe that
you can basically stick your finger
through the peel. All right. It's it's
just on the line of we don't know if
it's still okay to eat, but we're gonna
go for it anyway because we're really
hungry and really thirsty. And sometimes
when you're really hungry, you eat that
food that you think, is this okay to
eat? I don't know. I guess I'll find out
tomorrow [music]
cuz it takes about 24 hours for it to
drop into your lower lower colon where
if it's going to cause an explosive
effect, you know, sometimes it takes
some time. All right, we don't know. Oh,
is it the good kind of fermentation that
makes you happy and jolly or is it the
bad kind that gives you explosive short
squeeze?
Short squeeze aria straight up to new
alltime highs, baby. We don't quite know
yet what kind of ara we're going to get.
Now, you know, we are chopping around
here and I like to I like to envision
the point of control a little bit
higher. I really like that confluence
right there. When we go to the 4 hour
time frame, something else I I noticed
is the money flow. Look at the money
flow.
It's curving from the purple into the
blue. The last time we got the curve
from the per into the blue, it gave us
this move to the upside here. We're back
inside the range. It doesn't look
bearish. The 1 hour money flow also
looks pretty bullish. Money flow is
getting thicker. The 24-minute money
flow also doesn't look super bearish to
me. It looks like it's getting thicker.
So, the way I'm looking at this now,
guys, is cautiously I'm cautiously
looking for shorts. As we come up to
this zone here around $68,000, what I
would like to see to get short is I
would like to see the money flow
starting to come down on the 24-minut
time frame. I would like to see a
momentum wave come deep and then a
momentum wave come back up and start
that cycle of bearish divergence very
similar to what we had over here, guys.
That's what I would like to see. Now,
obviously, this over here did not give
us a short at all. In fact, it led to
pump city. But as we're coming up to
that PC, yeah, I'm going to be looking
for a short and I would like to see
signals on 24-minute market cipher B.
Now, I would like to say this, too. You
know, the lower time frame mark cipher
bees have been giving very bearish
signals that have not played out at all.
Like, for example, on Thursday, guys,
you remember on Thursday, look at this,
right? Look at this crazy bearishness
here. money flow momentum. You would
think for sure we're going to drop,
right? But we didn't. And then it
happened again over the weekend, right?
Over the weekend. Look at the
bearishness here as we are making a
higher high, tapping into that value
area low. You would think for sure as we
come to the value area low and we're
getting this really bearish divergence,
money flow turning from blue into
purple. I mean, this is a breadand
butter trade setup here. But no, we
pump. This is showing in my opinion that
the tides are turning at least for the
next few days, weeks, months, year. I
look, I don't know. But when you have
bullish div on the weekly, when you have
a bullish daily time frame, when you
have a bullish 2-day, a bullish 3-day, a
bullish 4day, [laughter]
[sighs]
look at this bullish div on the 4day
that we'll probably print a dot later
this week. The 3-day has already
confirmed the bullish div momentum.
I really feel that these lower time
frame bearish divs
and I that the higher time frames are
showing extreme upside power. I just
want to put it that way. Okay, so I'm
I'm being really really cautious with
the shorting now that we are back above
the value area low.
I promise this is my first beer of the
day.
It's my first beer of the day.
So, now that we're back above the value
area low
and we've confirmed two daily candles
above,
I'd be really cautious shorting cuz you
can easily see how we could get a move
to the upside here, guys. All right. And
I want to take a look at some other
assets as well.
But, um, let's give a shout out to
everybody in the chat.
Uh, shout out to the fish. He thought
his charts were drunk. Me, too. I I
shorted twice on Thursday thinking for
sure we're going to drop. We had a news
induced pump into resistance with
bearish divergences.
Trump's birthday pump. Shout out to
Crypto Coons.
Uh he says sure. Shout out to preparing
for war.
Do I check BTCUSD on buy? No, I do BTC
USD.
You never got the $1,000 from Blofin
trader yet?
>> [music]
>> Um, all right. I'll hit him up.
You marked the PC at 678, but it looks
like it's moving around. Yeah, it's pro
we're probably building up a lot of
volume right now. That's causing some
local value area shift. All right.
Depends on the depends on uh the draw
for the PC. Yeah, we're probably
building up a lot of
um what's the word?
There's a lot of volume happening right
now, right? [music] There's in fact so
far today like let's take a look at this
here. Look at the trades that are
opening up today, right? Just today
alone. This is a 2-hour chart, guys. So
from Sunday, June 14th at 22:00, we've
seen a steady increase of traders
opening up positions. So there's a lot
of volume building up here.
You know, we've seen CVD go from 354
million up to 689 million. It's pretty
crazy. A lot of longs opening up. This
is actually is a very healthy move to
the upside. This so far is not a short
squeeze. This is actually real money
coming into the market. And if we can
start to reclaim 68K, this real money
coming into the market is a great
foundation for what potentially could
turn into a schiznard squeeze.
Um, the Trump dump never came yet. Never
came. What is my favorite beer? My
favorite beer right now is this right
here. This beer, I highly recommend it.
All right, check it out. [music]
It's called Zevia Ginger Root Beer.
Naturally flavored. Okay.
Now, yeah, this is good. It's uh it's
soda made better. Yeah, it's still got
BPA in the can. Yeah, it's still got
aluminum, which is really bad for you.
Yeah, it's got natural flavors, which
who the heck knows what that is. Um
yeah, it's got stevia root extract,
which I don't know, they say in rats
could like lower testosterone. But look,
besides that, tastes pretty dang good.
And you can drink as many of these as
you want. And the hangover is not so
bad. Honestly, the hangover is really
not that bad. Uh, you know, one time I
had maybe like 12 of these in one night.
The hangover is pretty bad. There was so
much carbon dioxide within my intestines
that the next morning I was farting so
loud in the morning that my wife thought
somebody was outside jackhammering the
driveway. [music] And it scared her so
much that she jumped out of bed
and uh that scared me awake. So I jumped
out of bed and I stubbed my toe and it
really hurt. It was probably the worst
hangover I ever had. And I told myself,
you know what? I'm never going to drink
again. But here I am.
You're having another.
Yeah, I woke the chickens up. I woke the
chickens up. Shout out to Samuel S. Salt
the steak, baby.
Shout out to Preparing for War. Eva is
pretty dang good. It really is. It
really is.
I'm trying not to drink it, but you know
what? I love Zevia so much. I know I I
know I shouldn't be drinking this right
now, but here I am drinking it. You
know, at least I'm confessing my sins
publicly to everybody here on the
YouTube live stream that yes, I'm
drinking Zevia. I'm drinking Zevia.
[music] You know, I shouldn't be doing
it. I shouldn't be doing I should be
having some water. Should be having some
water instead.
But it is what it is, guys. Let's take a
look at Etherum.
Oh boy, where do we even start?
So, here's the deal, guys.
As we know with ETH,
[sighs and gasps] this is a very
peculiar area. Uh, as well, we are
printing on the weekly time frame, guys,
a bullish divergence. I mean, we have
not seen a bullish divergence on ETH. I
don't think ever.
I don't think we've ever seen a weekly
bullish divergence on ETH.
Unless you include this little thing as
a divergence right here from us the fall
of 2023. I don't think we've ever seen a
bullish divergence on ETH before the
3-day money flow momentum confirmed. Bit
boy buttshake bullish divergence.
We are seeing the money flow and the
momentum getting higher as the price
actually I'm sorry the 3-day slightly
does not have a bullish divergence.
Ah so let's check out our 4day.
The 4day does have a divergence that
will confirm in two days. All right,
this this is a historic signal for ETH.
And again, I'm cautious to say that the
low is in here. I I really do feel in my
bones that we are going to have another
at some point within the next few
months, another catastrophic dump. I I I
hope we do. But nonetheless, you can
clearly see how important this level is
that we are coming to now.
All right, we are bouncing from the
macro value area low. This macro value
area low has been the value area low
since 2021. It was resistance flipped
into support in the bare market of 2022
and then in April 2025 we took the
liquidity with a nice slick wick. We
make a higher high. Now we're making a
higher low. All right. So basically it's
a beautiful range where you have the
highs of the range up here.
Right? We took the low of the range. I
mean you could look at it in a few
different ways. You could look at it
like this, too. You could look at it as
we took the lows, we took the highs, now
we're making a higher low. This does
look nice and accumulationy.
And if we're not going to hold, 1500,
then I, you know, I wouldn't be
surprised if we see us coming back down
to take some of the liquidity here,
potentially in a worst case scenario,
coming down to test $800.
But so far, this is a really nice level.
And we are currently, at least on our
4-day time frame, reclaiming this macro
p. This is a very and very very
important level here. And I do have to
say it looks really nice in the sense
that we got a bounce from the PC weak
bounce come down to value area low make
a higher low from this one with a
bullish divergence here. Money flow
getting higher on the weekly time frame.
This has some juice. This has some real
potential upside juice here. All right.
Now, the problem with this kind of stuff
on the high time frames is that the high
time frame signals do give us room for
massive amounts of volatility. So,
please, if you're a leverage trader, you
can't just be going leverage long
because the weekly is printing a
divergence unconfirmed cuz there is room
for something like this to happen who
still have that divergence here. You
know what I'm saying? Um, but in
general, like this is something that we
cannot ignore. We can't just stay stay
super ultra bearish here when there are
weekly
bullish divergences printing on these
assets. And I know what people want to
say about e vital buterine
soul right has etherum and and also you
know there's no more hope here.
There's no more hope for any of this
etherum stuff. I don't I don't buy that.
I I think that Ethereum is a bullish
asset in general. I think we're going to
see Ethereum eventually. 8,000 10,000. I
don't think that's so crazy to think. I
really don't. I mean, that's only 600%.
You know, $8,000 Ethereum is only 500%.
I know that's pretty big percentages,
but I mean, smart contracts is
definitely the future, guys. I mean, it
is what it is. So, and and ETH is the
number one platform right now. Cardano
ain't it apparently.
And I heard that Richard Johnskinson or
whatever his name is from Cardano like
made a announcement that he's taken some
time off which is why the price of
Cardano really dropped down so low. I am
curious really to take a look at what
Cardano is doing here cuz apparently
this was a news induced dump. Richard
Tartkinson.
Richard Tartkinson,
he said, "Look, I'm I'm taking a break
from social media." And people
misunderstood him, thinking he was
taking a break from Cardano.
But really, he's not taking a break from
Cardano. Allegedly, he's just taking a
break from social media, cuz social
media is so dang toxic. And everyone
keeps talking about how terrible Cardano
is. And you know what? If I invented
something called Cardano and my name was
Richard Hartinson
and I was, you know, every day you log
on and people are talking crap, I I'd
get a I'd take a break on social media,
too, honestly.
But, [laughter] you know, here's the
thing. We got to be careful with Cardano
cuz she looks so bullish so many times
and that bullishness ended up in just
going straight to Dump City. All right,
but I would say this. If we're coming to
a macro bare market bottom here, I mean,
we have a pretty dang good opportunity
to buy some cheap Cardano and assuming
this thing could come back up to a$130,
assuming it could come back up to $3,
which I don't even think is so crazy. I
don't think a $3 Cardano is crazy to be
honest with you. I mean, we have some
pretty crazy opportunity right now just
on spot. You know that, you know, if you
think Cardano has a future and here's
the thing, a lot of people now are
feeling like it doesn't.
I I don't buy I I think this thing could
totally pump. All right, it's Cardano
after all.
But we start to reclaim 21 cents, that's
going to be a massive massive uh move
right there. The twoe time frame
potentially has a bullish divergence. We
haven't seen anything like that on two
week.
[laughter] I don't know like we are
having some very unique signals across
these high time frames here.
Potentially getting a bullish div on the
weekly. I mean, this entire structure
right here
could be considered a bullish dip on the
weekly. I mean, you look at this here,
the money flow coming up like that. You
look at the momentum waves coming up
like this.
You know, we start to reclaim this area.
We come back inside the range. Let's
assume that this thing is is dead
forever. Even if it's dead forever, we
got a pretty clearly defined range right
here that we could probably come up at
least do something like this. And
that's, you know, from the that's that
we're talking 400% right there, you
know. But yeah, Charles Hopinson and
Richard Harkinson and all the consens
taking breaks on Twitter and all this,
you know, who knows? But Ethereum I I am
super bullish on in general. And this is
a key support. If lost, obviously, we
could come down to 1,800 I'd say would
be a worst case scenario, but um it's
nothing we haven't seen before, guys.
There really isn't anything we haven't
seen before, y'all. So, Cardanzu,
Cardanzu,
Iran started military actions right now.
Let's take a look at SHIB. Um,
yeah, exactly. Preparing for it'll
probably pump, but it won't give any
solid clues. It's just going to start
pumping and
then all all the people who believe in
it will be happy and everyone else will
miss the boat. All right, let's see if
there's any crazy breaking news
here.
All right,
I see something from 7 minutes ago, from
3 minutes ago.
So, you say the person in chat says that
they're they're bombing Hormuz right
now?
[music]
>> I don't know. All right, let's check out
the SpaceX
crazy multi-trillionaire ICO.
I don't actually don't even know how to
look at SpaceX.
I heard about the ICO went live. The
IPO, not the ICO. You guys remember
ICOs? That's like some old bull run 2027
talk. Apparently, it was like a trillion
dollars, right? Market cap.
I don't even know how to look at SpaceX,
man. Jason Casper so dang irrelevant.
You know, crypto's dead. The only thing
that matters now is SpaceX, oil, and
stocks. And I don't even know the ticker
for SpaceX. You know, definitely not a
financial adviser. SPCX. All right.
Thanks.
Wow.
That is pretty nuts, isn't that?
That is pretty nuts. Look at that.
So, people I know they tried to short it
on Friday.
Now, we're pumping. Let's see how much
we pumped since the launch.
You know, 25%. That is crazy.
Let's go to our 1 hour time frame.
The weekend we gapped to the upside.
Let's go to the 12minut time frame. Our
first 12minute red dot. Man,
this is our first 12minute red dot on
SpaceX, guys. This is a milestone for
Elon Musk. This is a real milestone for
Elon Musk right here. The first 12minute
red dot. Can you believe that?
That is a crazy pump.
I don't really have much to say about it
besides that's a crazy pump and
I do say this though. I mean,
look at how we built this liquidity
that led to the big pump. You know, when
you're building liquidity like this,
you would expect that to get recovered.
And now we have built liquidity to the
downside. So, very interesting. I wonder
if we'll come down and get some kind of
a back test. Let's like pull some kind
of Fibonacci and see if we can come with
any kind of key levels here at all.
Let me just get this treadmill to the
right speed though. Hang on.
There we go.
All right, let's go ahead and pull some
Fibonacci.
Our first 12minute red dot.
Wow.
We'll pull from low to high.
Let's take a look at all the volume
here.
Not very much to work with. Most people
buying and selling right around this
area. Isn't that interesting?
>> [music]
>> Well, I mean, obviously from the it's
its initial price here at 150, it would
be really crazy if we got an opportunity
to come back here, right? That would be
pretty nice. Um,
let's go ahead and pull this fib. I'd
say our local support is obviously the
support resistance flip at around 175.
Right, we've got our value area high, we
got our PC, we got our golden pocket, we
got our 786, we got our support
resistance flip, we got our Friday high,
we got our Monday resistance, we've got
the liquidity here to be taken. That's a
nice area of support. And then of
course, other than that, it would be
really cool to fill the gap because if
we pull the fib from the low to the
high, that golden pocket is going to
come in right at the gap, right at the
gaponian cheese, right? Gaponi cheese
gets filled value area low golden
pocket. You know, those would be some
really nice supports as far as um
I'm curious. Let's go ahead and pull a
trendbased Fibonacci extension from low
to high to low.
You know, look at that. We've come up
around the one to one fib extension. We
get a little bit of a pullback, then we
get kind of a fake out. Now, it looks
like we're taking a major dump. Let's go
ahead and um
you know, next target to the upside. We
got our 1.272 at around $190.
Got our 1.618 at around 200 [singing]
199. Yeah, 1.272
to1 fib extension going to be coming in
around $200. These are some intense
targets to the upside from where we're
at right now. We're talking, [music] you
know, anywhere from
3 to 14%.
It's not super crazy considering we've
already pumped 25%.
I don't have a lot of data here to like
see if like there's bearish or
bullishness on market cipher or anything
like that, but it's really interesting
to mark out these key supports. You
know, 175 very important, 160 very
important. I say 190 very important, 199
very important, very important levels.
Dang, you had a limit order at 155 that
didn't get filled. That is crazy.
That is crazy.
Shout out to Joe Potter. Shout out to
your boy Black Swan. Yo, what's up Black
Swan? Shout out to memory man. Shout out
to Eonger Sponge now 8215.
SpaceX will skyrocket to the floor.
That's crazy, man. That is crazy.
Have I bought more spot Bitcoin? No, I
haven't bought more spot Bitcoin.
Maybe I should have.
Do I [snorts] think Cardano is being
pushed down by institutions?
I I'm I don't know. I don't know.
Charles Hoskinson, thank you. Yo, what
did I call him? Richard Hartkinson,
you know. Um, [music] now I'm still one
third in spot on Bitcoin.
Do you use the test flight version of
Antarctic? Is there any difference with
the normal app? Uh, yeah. I don't even
know what the test flight version is to
be honest. But here's the thing. Um,
right now Antarctic is doing something
pretty cool.
Um,
right now Antarctic is launching its
point season. Look, the token is coming
out soon. All right, but we want to make
sure everything's right. So, right now,
in the meantime, we got the point
system, which is very much so related to
the token.
But right now, you can start earning
Antarctic points by trading on Antarctic
every,000 you trade is here. I'll
retweet this on my own Twitter. All
right, I'll retweet this on my own
Twitter.
Every thousand dollars worth of volume
you trade
is going to give you one point. And
basically this is just to recognize
participation on the platform and it
gives you a whole bunch of access to
cool stuff including a revival account.
So
um
you know the points they they can give
you a whole bunch of rewards and stuff.
Every $1,000 in trading volume equals
one Antarctic point.
which can give you all this kind of
stuff, right? So, check it out.
Antarctic decentralized exchange. Pretty
dang cool. [music] And then coming soon
involved with the point system is the
revival account. So, basically
[music] for certain people who have
enough points, free funded accounts will
be made available to selected eligible
traders, giving them another opportunity
to recover. Right? you you blow your
account, they'll give you they'll
they'll fund you your account. All
right, so this is actually some pretty
cool stuff over on Antarctic. Also,
guys, big shout out to KSEX centralized
exchange. Lowest fees in the game.
Antarctic also super low fees if you use
my link on Antarctic. You're getting
exclusive fees, guys. 0% limit, 0.02%
market.
We also got these fees on Blowin,
so make sure you check it out if you're
interested, y'all.
So, we got Ethereum, we got Bitcoin.
Bitcoin right now taking a dump on the
twominut time frame here. Did we really
hit the PC? It's hard to say here. It is
hard to say here. You know, we are
really coming to key resistance. We
might really start to see a squeeze.
Shout out to Caffeine Injected.
Shout out to Master Koozie, Jason
Gasper. Anyone in the chat know the best
options for leverage trading exchanges
in Canada? Look, I mean KSEX is non KYC,
noVPN. Um, Antarctic is decentralized.
Narl Hedgekinson.
Um, it's on Antarctic's website. Okay,
cool. Well, it sounds like test flight
sounds like demo trading.
I don't see it here, but I'm sure it's
I'm sure it's there.
Do I think after this dump is a good
time to long on Bitcoin?
We did hit the macro PC. Yeah, it's it's
like it's up in the air still for me
because like right here on the daily it
looks like yes, but if you go to the 4
hour, it looks like no.
So, we've got some some intense
depending on how you calculate it based
on whether the 4 hour or the daily, we
got some intense kind of volume here.
But man, that $68,000 level looks so
dang nice, man. Could we please just hit
that? Maybe we can hit that when AIA
opens. Big shout out to our super chat
in the house. Got 10k drained on HLP.
How to emotionally recover. Should I
quit crypto after being profitable on
leverage
poof, that sounds terrible. So
on HLP,
uh, thank you so much for the super
chat, Javier, by the way. Well, I don't
know. Was that somebody hacked you and
drained your wallet? I've had that
happen to me before. How do you
emotionally recover? Uh well,
if it if it's a hack
like that where somebody drained your
wallet, I mean, the only way to
emotionally recover is you have to just
forget about it. I mean, the way I dealt
with it was,
you know, I I I got to a place where I
could fully like forgive the person that
stole the money from me or persons and
just totally release it, totally let it
go. It is what it is. Um,
we have to get to that place. You know,
the only other thing I could say is, you
know, bring it before the Lord in
prayer,
right? Cast that burden upon God. He'll
carry that burden for you. There's
nothing you can do to change the
situation. So, the only thing you can do
is work on your own mental, emotional,
and spiritual state and press on. If
you've been profitable leverage trading
and then something bad happened, I would
say get to the place where you're over
it and then continue doing what you did
[music]
>> to be profitable. I mean, that's what I
did.
Hyper liquid
HLP. Okay. HLP.
Yeah. I mean, it's the only thing you
can do. Like, what are you going to You
can't You can't be bitter about it for
the rest of your life, man. And you
can't let it set you back. Like, it's a
setback. Yeah, for sure. But what's
happened is happened, right? So now the
only two choices are
you let it rot you out from the inside
or you release it and just press on.
Right? You release it and press on.
Uh but thank you so much for the super
chat. Check gold. I'm about to long. All
right. Let's check gold.
Let's check gold. XAU.
Well, I do have to say that on the
the the one cool thing about gold on the
daily is this swing failure pattern.
Let's go to the weekly.
The weekly looks like bottoming out
soon. Could turn into something big.
We don't have any bullish divergence,
but we have very oversold here.
4 hour giving us a
red dot. We don't have uh we do have
some slight bullish here. Money flow is
like iffy
uh for a long on gold. Like
I haven't traded gold since February, by
the way.
It's tough here. I I like to fill gaps.
I mean, gap fills on gold are very uh
>> very nice trade setups. So, we would
have a gap that would get filled around
this golden pocket.
That would be a nice kind of back test
around this area. We we've got the 4hour
order block over here. We've got the
consolidation support resistance flip
and we've got the gap. So, along like
this could be kind of nice.
Um, it would give us a nice trigger wave
on the 4 hour. Let's check out our 1
hour here.
I I don't like the low on market cipher
to be honest. But then again, [music]
I'm not I'm not your typical gold
trader, so I don't really study how lows
form on gold. But this low, we had
bullish divergences.
This one we did not.
We have a money flow across. Ideally,
what I would like to see maybe then is a
back test, come back, fill the gap, and
get some bullish divergences on some
lower time frames.
And that would that would be a nice
place for me. And then, of course, like,
you know, we can't this this definitely
looks very squeezable. Like, this looks
like we could get a move back up to this
high on gold, [music] and this would
form a bit of a range here. It
definitely does look like that to me. or
at the very least maybe come up to the
local uh Fibonacci zone. Let's pull the
volume of this range.
Yeah. I mean,
yeah, fill the gap.
That's where I would get interested. But
would I long gold right this second? I
mean, let's go down to a low time frame.
And we have some hidden bullish
divergence on these lower time frames
with thickening money flow. Um,
so maybe if this if this chop continues
here where we're like making higher
highs and higher lows,
then maybe.
But I'll be honest, I I am not a gold
day trader, so I don't know the way gold
moves. I don't know if this is a common
pattern for gold to form like a oversold
wave like this and continue in the
channel or break out. You know, the gold
trades I've taken in the past, I've had
a lot of success trading gap fills after
a weekend. So,
um, see, we'll go to the 1 hour.
I mean, we got some slight bearish div
on the 1 hour.
It's ambiguous.
Half hour's got some bear div too here.
It would be really nice to come and fill
the gap. That that'd be a real clear
support for me. You know, obviously
right now we're basically just hoping
that this is a higher low, which it
could be. Um,
preparing for war, short on gold.
Anthony Lee Crypto, he says, "When you
don't forgive and hold on to anger,
bitterness, and vengeance, then that
person has power over you. They consume
you. You take the power back when you
forgive. Sounds weird, but it's true.
Yeah. 100%. I mean, I don't even know if
that person has power over you. As much
as
uh unforgiveness has power over you and
bitterness has power over you, it
doesn't even have anything to do with
the other person. Like
um
yeah, but that's 100% true.
Yeah. Preparing for wars. Also looking
to fill the gap.
Yeah, filling gaps always enjoyable.
Yeah. Yeah, it gives a nice area of
support. Do I still hold my long? Yeah,
I'm still long on Bitcoin here.
And when am I adding to my short? Well,
I was looking around 68K. I've got my
stop loss at 695 on this short trade.
I'm still in that long that I've been in
since
I I took that trade, guys, all the way
back here, by the way, on the 5th of
June. I've been in this trade since
literally the 5th of June.
Really bad entry. Um,
I should have added to it here. I was
looking to add to it here, but I didn't
cuz I just wasn't at the chart when that
happened, sadly. But I'm still in it.
Looking for more upside. Hopefully a
little bit more upside.
But [music] but yeah,
you got drained on crap base.
Yeah. [music]
Shout out to Joe Potter.
Check out the two-year macro PC on Bit.
Sure. Let's check out the macro
2-year POC on by it.
What year is it? 2026.
Let's keep that on there.
Wow. Okay. [music]
So, we are pretty much
right now coming to that macro 2-year PC
on BBIT, which is
right around
676.
Wow. Okay.
Wow. Macro to your PC. Yeah, let's come
up a little bit higher. That would be so
nice to come up a tad bit higher here,
you know.
It would be pretty nice to come up just
a just a tit a tiddlywittyly bit. A
tiddlywitty bit.
A tiddly widdly tiddly widdly bit.
Tiddly whiddly tiddly whiddly tiddly
widdly whittlely.
All right, guys. Well, you know what?
I don't really have much else to say
about Bitcoin. Kind of gone through it
all. So, God bless you guys. Hope you
have a wonderful Monday. I hope you have
a wonderful rest of the week and uh Lord
willing I'll see you guys later. So,
peace.